test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_dollars --- is failed
test_tutorial_part_3 --- is failed
test_language_check --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_locked_purchases --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_receiving_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_locked_purchases --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_locked_purchases --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_locked_purchases --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
test_ads_coins --- is failed
test_receiving_coins --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_press_market_button --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
debug --- is failed
test_purchases_for_50coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_200coins --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_ads_hint --- is failed
debug --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_600coins --- is failed
shop_swipe --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_purchases_for_0dollars --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_purchase_failed --- is failed
test_first_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_second_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_second_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_exit_to_main_menu --- is failed
test_third_unresolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_puzzle_continue --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_third_puzzle_continue --- is failed
test_first_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_second_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_third_puzzle_continue --- is failed
test_first_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_second_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_third_unresolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_puzzle_continue --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
test_exit_to_main_menu --- is failed
test_third_unresolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_third_puzzle_continue --- is failed
test_third_resolved_puzzle --- is failed
test_reward --- is failed
