skip_system_pop --- is passed
test_politic_accept --- is passed
test_tutorial_part_1 --- is passed
test_tutorial_part_2 --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
test_sound_off --- is passed
test_vibro_off --- is passed
test_sound_and_vibro_on --- is passed
test_setting_menu_exit --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
test_open_free_pack --- is passed
test_rotation_button_on --- is passed
test_rotation_button_off --- is passed
test_swipe_count_element_to_16 --- is passed
test_to_main_from_art_list --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
skip_system_pop --- is passed
